README.md, before:

# Javascript-3D-Modeling-Program
This is a very basic 3D program made in javascript with the three.js library, that I started on the 6th of April 2020. When it is finished, you should be able to do basic 3d box-modeling from primative shapes, customise the colours and materials of the object, and export the asset.

Right now it is probably 20-25% completed in terms of features. A few more things to add would be the ability to do basic 3d modeling, on option to share your 3d model to a database - anyone browsing the site would be able to preview, and eventually being able to export an asset you have created. Here is the live GitHub pages deployment:

https://jacob-and-nathan.github.io/Javascript-3D-Modeling-Program/

# Contributing
I am quite new to **WEBGL** and  **THREE.JS**, so I would be grateful if you were able to contribute in any way. If you would like to fix an already existing issue, please comment on it asking to fix it so that I can assign you to it and keep things organised.

If you would like to fix an issue (or add a new feature, etc) regarding an issue that hasn't been created yet, then you are welcome to create an issue and fix it.

Also, there is an issue for any questions or comments you would like to ask.

Commit message:

Update README.md: Added a description of what all the files are

README.md, after:

# Javascript-3D-Modeling-Program
This is a very basic 3D program made in javascript with the three.js library, that I started on the 6th of April 2020. When it is finished, you should be able to do basic 3d box-modeling from primative shapes, customise the colours and materials of the object, and export the asset.

Right now it is probably 20-25% completed in terms of features. A few more things to add would be thr ability to do basic 3d modeling, and eventually being able to export an asset you have created. Here is the live GitHub pages deployment:

https://jacob-and-nathan.github.io/Javascript-3D-Modeling-Program/

# Contributing
I am quite new to **WEBGL** and  **THREE.JS**, so I would be grateful if you were able to contribute in any way! Before you do, please see if there is anything you could help with in the `issues` section - but if you would prefer to do something else, please open a new issue, and assign yourself to it. 

If you want to work on an already existing issue, please comment on the issue, and I will assign you to it, so that I can keep things organised.
If there is an issue you want to work on that already has someone else assigned, then I may or may not assign you to it, depending on what the status is.

Before you create a pull request, please make sure you have updated the file descriptions below if you have added any files, or significantly changed them.

Also, there is an issue for any questions or comments you would like to ask.

# File Descriptions
This is a description of all the files in the repository:

ROOT DIRECTORY (folder):

  LICENSE.md -> File containing what the license is.
  README.md -> This file.
  index.html -> The main HTML file.
  style.css -> The main CSS file.
  
  JS (folder):
    app.js -> The main javascript file with setup for THREE.js, etc.
    cameraOrbit.js -> Code allowing the camera to orbit the scene.
    createNewObject.js -> Code allowing the user to create a new object from the menu.
    editModeSelection.js -> Code allowing the user to go into edit mode, select new faces, edges and vertices and translate them.
    menus.js -> Handles things like opening and closing menus, as well as going into preview mode.
    subdivisionModifier.js -> [Paused] Allows the user to apply a subdivision algorithm to their mesh.
    three.js -> The THREE.js library file.
